0.  How many different colors does each format support?
    BMP     16 million
    JPEG    16 million
    GIF     256
    PNG     16 million
1.  Which of the formats supports animation? GIF
2.  What’s the difference between lossy and lossless compression?
    Lossless compression compresses without any loss in data whereas there is data loss in lossy.
3.  Which of these formats is lossy-compressed? JPEG
4.  What happens, technically speaking, when a file is deleted on a FAT file system?
    The file's reference is removed from the directory and its blocks are reclassified as free.
5.  What can someone like you do to ensure (with high probability) that files you delete cannot be recovered?
    Files can be more surely deleted if all the information is written over or if the hard drive is degaussed
6.  What's stdint.h?
    A C library specifying interger types of exact widths, minimum widths, fastest types, pointer types and
    types with the greatest widths.
7.  What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?
    Depending on your processor, an interger can be different lengths. If you want 
    to design a program that requires a fixed-width accross platforms then it is 
    best to use these fixed-width intergers. In our program, we require our bitmap 
    header to be a certain length in order to check if it's the right file type and 
    therefore we must ensure the header is compiled into the right length.
8.  How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively? 
    (Assume a 32-bit architecture like the CS50 Appliance.)
    A BYTE is 1 byte, a DWORD is 32 bytes, a LONG is 32 bytes and a WORD is 16 bytes.
9.  What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be?
    (Leading bytes used to identify file formats (with high probability) are generally called "magic numbers.)"
    0x4d42
10. What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?
    The bfSize stores the size of the whole BMP file 
    while the biSizeImage stores only the size of the image so the pixels plus the padding.
11. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?
    The biHeight being negative means that the image is stored in a top-down format and the first pixel is in the top-left.
12. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?
    biBitCount
13. Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:37?
    If there is not enough memory to create the output file.
14. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?
    Only reading one unit not multiple.
15. What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is 3
    1
16. What does fseek do?
    It changes the location of the file pointer.
17. What is SEEK_CUR?
    Offsets the current location of the file pointer.
18. Rob Bowden
